List of contributions to the DDS project - Group 5

Our work division strategy (individual contributions listed below):

In phase 1, we split the work in a way where two people would work on the 2PC implementation (Adithya and Raphael), 
and two others would work on the SAGA implementation (Francesco and Arthur).
In phase 2, besides implementing the orchestrator, we thought most of the work should happen in improving the SAGA implementation. 
We thought of two main strategies to continue with the SAGA implementation, and decided to split the work based on these strategies. 
Francesco and Arthur would continue with 1 strategy, Adithya and Raphael with the other. 
The better strategy is then submitted in the end. 
This way there is some duplicate work, but all of us get a lot of experience with different parts of the project and learn a lot.

Individual contributions:

Name: Raphael
Surname: De Wolff
Student number: 5566487
TUD email: r.c.dewolff@student.tudelft.nl
Contributions:
Phase 1: Contributed to the 2PC implementation.
Phase 2: Worked on the ‘non-redis pub/sub’ strategy for improving SAGA, and worked on separating orchestrator class in SAGA.

Name: Francesco
Surname: Carboni
Student number: 6538924 
TUD email: F.carboni@student.tudelft.nl 
Contributions:
Phase 1: Contributed to SAGA implementation.
Phase 2: Worked on the redis pub-sub strategy, and abstracted orchestrator and worked on partitioning for SAGA.

Name:Adithya		
Surname: Murali
Student number: 6510612
TUD email:a.murali-2@student.tudelft.nl
Contributions:
Phase 1: Worked on the implementation of 2PC
Phase 2: Abstracted out the coordinator as an orchestrator for 2PC and worked on the implementation and optimization of “non-redis pub/sub” strategy for SAGA.

Name: Arthur
Surname: Truetzschler von Falkenstein
Student number: 4959620	
TUD email: m.a.trutzschlervonfalkenstein@student.tudelft.nl	
Contributions:
Phase 1: Contributed to the saga implementation
Phase 2: Contributed to the redis pub/sub implementation for saga, specifically a version with an alternative the inbox/outbox pattern.
